# Looker API Java Client

#Overview

This is a customized version of the Java client generated by the Swagger and a configuration file provided by the vendor (see official documentation at https://discourse.looker.com/t/generating-client-sdks-for-the-looker-api/3185).

The client API generated by the process appears to be generic across all clients. All credentials and references to looker instances should be externalized in any given Java project, and those credientials should be passed to the API provided in this project (credentials are not included in this project).

This project will produce a standard Maven dependency, for which a reference would be included in the build instructions for any Java project which makes use of the Looker functionality.

For more information on building, please reference the original readme file generated by the API generation process (README-original-swaggger.md).

# Getting started

For use in a local development environment, the following command would be used to build and install the library on a user's local environment.

`gradle install`

# Notes
2/22/2019 Invalid type declarations have been discovered in the swagger configuration, which in turn results in the failure of some API calls. We have confirmed this with the vendor and have made changes accordingly to the related model classes to resolve this. This means that there is a slight difference between the source code in this project and the contents of what would be produced if you were to generate the entire project again.

We intend to supply a patch to the vendor and have the fix in a futre release. 